though in wind gardening here is an LSU
gold variety fig tree
here's the associated fig get that flat
both in shape
it's nice right figure there this doing
what the leaf looks like
check this one off here
that's good
is it fake open it up
nice and juicy
try that
hmm
I think FIGS tastes so much better when
well they're ripe but when they're nice
and warm from the Sun just really
enhances that that's sweet sweetness
nice but the reason I'm pointing this
variety out as I started in their lair
some time back it's time to take a look
see if it's okay is separated
oh yeah nice amount of roots for that I
can remove this one no problem
so I'll take it off down the bottom and
I guess sort of like that the grown a
that I removed a little side shoot on
the puff the bottom get the bark out of
the way oh yeah that's right it was over
on the side here I remember this
so I got to remove it right here and it
was that easy
good amount of roots here Wow
even more on the other side so that's
that's plenty of roots I wish the ICEA
black had that many roots so I'll go
ahead and plot this up